♪
[Kyou] So what
was that all about?
[Tomoya]
What do you mean?
Mei's staying here, right?
It looked like you guys were
having fun together yesterday.
We couldn't figure out
what you two were doing.
I was surprised to see that
Mei hadn't gone home yet.
I want to hang out
with Mei, too.
We can play violin for hours and
hours - as much as she wants!
That's assuming she can stay
conscious, of course.
Why are you such a bully, Kyou?
Mei's too worried about
Sunohara to go back home.
We were up all night
thinking about what to do.
[Mei] We have to find a way
to get him back on the team.
If he had the chance to play
again, then he might get better!
He might be like the big brother
I grew up with!
[Kyou]
That's not gonna happen!
I get what she means,
but there's no way
he can go back to the team now.
That's what I said, but she
still wasn't convinced.
Sunohara wouldn't have left
the club in the first place
if those guys
weren't such jerks.
Either way around,
you're better off not
getting involved with them.
Just find something else.
I think she's right.
The way the
Soccer Club operates,
there might not be
much he can do.
[Kotomi]
You mean they're bullies?
[Kyou] You throw that
word around a lot...
but for once,
you hit the nail on the head.
[Tomoya]
He wasn't at the dorm either?
[Mei]
No. And I asked Misae,
but she said she hadn't
seen him all day either.
[Nagisa]
What should we do now?
We can't ask Sunohara
to join the soccer team
if we can't even find him.
Listen, Mei, are you
sure you don't want
to rethink this whole thing?
I just don't think
it's going to work out.
In that case,
I'll go ask them on my own.
Wait, ask who?
The soccer team?
If you don't want to go,
that's fine,
but I have to give it a shot.
Just wait here,
I'll be right back.
Don't be ridiculous!
I can't let you do that!
Tomoya is right!
If you're going to talk to them,
then we're going with you!
Huh? Hmm?
-Youhei Sunohara?
-Huh?
The next soccer season
starts in the winter, right?
That means the seniors still
have a chance to play
if they like.
It's just one semester,
please let him play.
[scoffs] You gotta
be kidding me!
I don't want to see that
little shit's face ever again!
-Get outta here.
-[Mei] Uh...
I know Youhei must've caused
you a lot of trouble,
but he's still my brother.
He sent his sister
to beg for him, huh?
I don't know what happened
and I won't make make excuses...
but he still deserves
a second chance!
People say he's
good for nothing,
but he wasn't always like that.
I want him to-
Of course people say
he's good for nothing.
That's 'cause it's true.
[player 2] Yeah, so why should
we waste our time
with someone who ain't
worth crap to begin with?
I thought you had the sense
to know your place, Okazaki,
but I guess you're
no better than him.
Your friend there's
a nice fit, too.
She got held back
a grade, didn't she?
[laughing]
Why don't you little turds stick
with your own kind, all right?
Tomoya, don't.
[Tomoya] I'm sorry, you guys.
I should've gone
there myself first.
I'm the one who suggested it.
I'm sorry for making you go
through something so unpleasant.
It's fine, we both knew it
wasn't going to be easy.
Here, Mei, would you
like a little refill?
Oh, sure. I guess I didn't
realize I drank it all.
Thank you.
We're sorry to barge in.
I know it sounds strange,
but somehow, it seemed like
you were the right person
to share our problems with.
Nothing to apologize for.
After all, it's quite
common for people to come here
and talk about their troubles,
so I'm perfectly used to it.
[Yukine] Okazaki...
Could you tell me
what happened between Sunohara
and the Soccer Club?
If I know the whole story,
then maybe I could help.
It's up to you, Mei,
can I tell her?
[affirmative grunt]
Back when he was a freshmen,
he got in a big fight with
the other members of the club.
By the time he joined the team,
a group of guys had
already taken charge.
Since he was a new recruit,
he got bossed around a lot.
It's been like that
for years with that team.
They use some stupid hierarchy
as an excuse to pick on people.
Anyway, as you can guess,
Sunohara didn't take
that very well.
Right after that, the two of us
met for the first time.
I'd just gotten into a fight
myself and we both ended up
in the Principal's office
at the same time.
We've been friends
ever since then.
He never said anything
about that to me.
[Tomoya] At any rate,
because of the fight,
the team had to withdraw from
the rookie tournament that year.
After that, Sunohara quit
and never came back.
And even after all this time,
those guys on the
soccer team still blame him
for what happened...
I see. But even if
they did accept him,
would he have any fun playing
soccer on a team like that?
I don't really know.
But either way,
I still feel like soccer
is the only way to get
his life back on track.
You may be right.
Still I don't see much point
in getting worked up about this
when he's not even around.
[sighing] Poor Youhei.
What am I gonna do with him?
I'm not sure if
I mentioned it before,
but I have an
older brother, myself.
Actually, I don't think
you've ever
talked about yourself, Miyazawa.
My brother hardly ever went to
school.
He spent all of his time
fooling around,
and he was always
getting into fights.
In fact, he was even picked
up by the police a few times.
That must've been
really hard on you...
I never knew.
Siblings can
be strange sometimes.
But no matter what, you still
love your brother, don't you?
[Yukine] To be honest, I used to
be afraid of him.
But as time went by, I started
to understand him a bit better.
There are a lot of wonderful
things about him,
he just has a hard time
showing his good side to people.
He can be a bit awkward, but
deep down I think he's sweet.
You know, it's funny,
I think Sanae said
the same about Sunohara.
[Yukine] Don't worry, Mei.
I'm sure there are plenty
of wonderful things
about Sunohara as well.
Even if things don't work out
with the soccer team,
all he needs is
a chance to shine
and he'll be back to the brother
you love in no time.
So, how are things between
you and your brother now?
Oh, we're very close, of course!
[slight gasp]
[Tomoya] Sunohara,
what were you doing yesterday?
Huh? It's none
of your business.
Aren't you worried about Mei?
After everything we said?
That's funny,
coming from you.
Isn't it your job
to take care of her now?
Besides, I'm busy
with Sanae.
I don't have time to worry about
every little thing Mei is doing.
[Tomoya] And that's it?
You really mean that?
Yeah, of course I meant it.
I'm leaving Mei to you.
Take good care of her, okay?
Come on,
don't give me that crap.
What are you
so pissed off about?
I'm sure Mei doesn't
care about me, either...
Sunohara!
[gasps]
Okazaki! Sunohara!
Don't you know what Mei's
doing right now? Huh?
What? Other than
having fun with you?
What are you getting at?
Ask the soccer team
what she's been doing!
Then you try and tell me
your sister doesn't care
about you anymore!
You're not making
any damn sense.
Just come out and say it.
Okazaki, please, let him go!
What are you fighting about?
You really want
to do this, Okazaki?
Okay, break it up!
What are you doing?
Who started this?!
Ryou, why are they fighting?
I-I don't even know...
Tomoya, Sunohara,
you two are friends,
you're not supposed to fight!
[scoffs]
-Tomoya!
-Tomoya, wait!
[door closes]
Sunohara, hey, please just
tell me what happened!
[Mei]
You got into a fight?
Yeah... I kinda
lost it for a sec.
So where's Youhei now?
I know he's cutting
class at least.
He's probably just
screwing around somewhere.
Oh, I see...
You gonna talk to
the soccer team again?
Uh-huh. I was
thinking about it
and after hearing Miyazawa's
story yesterday,
I felt like I couldn't
give up just yet.
Uh, wait... I really can
do it by myself this time.
This is between me
and my brother.
I don't want to trouble
you with my problems anymore!
Don't say that, Mei!
It's no trouble at all!
I know how you feel, Nagisa,
but leave this to us.
Huh? Why? Is something wrong?
You saw what kind of thugs
they have on the soccer team.
Who knows what might happen
if we make them angry.
There's no reason to for me
and Mei to put you in danger.
I can't let you do that!
If it's that dangerous, then I
don't want you two to go alone!
Yeah, but if a big fight
breaks out, then what?
If they start throwing punches,
I won't be able to look out
for you and Mei
at the same time!
In that case, we'll be fine.
I'll just take Mei
and we'll run away together.
That way, even if
something happens to you,
Mei and I will still have
each other to count on.
When it comes to
stuff like this,
you really are stubborn
as hell, aren't you?
[captain] Can't take "no"
for an answer, huh?
[Tomoya]
Yeah, I know it's a long shot...
We're begging you...
Please, please let Sunohara
back on the team!
He doesn't even have
to play in any real games,
just let him practice with
the team and we'll be happy!
And then what?
Sure, we could do it,
but what's in it for us?
Why would we want some punk-ass
bitch getting in our way?
If there's something you want,
then just tell me
and I'll do it for you!
I don't care what it takes!
Come on, Captain, hurry.
Let's get back to practice!
[player 4]
Forget about those guys,
we got better things to do!
-Right!
-No, you can't leave!
I know we're being
unreasonable...
But please give us a chance.
I'm begging you.
Wow, I've never seen Okazaki bow
his head to someone like this...
I heard you weren't the same old
punk you used to be.
Guess it's true.
Okazaki...
Why don't you be
a ball boy or something?
Thank you very much!
You're the best, Okazaki,
that was wonderful!
You were amazing, Tomoya!
It's not that big of a deal.
Now let's do a good job
fetching the balls.
Right!
Take it easy, all right, Nagisa?
Don't push yourself
too hard and get hurt.
I'm fine. Don't worry about me,
just keep an eye on Mei.
Come on, ball boy, go get it!
On my way!
[soccer kick]
[player 2]
Hey, ball girl, look alive!
Uh, right!
Don't just stand there, dumbass!
Okay!
[captain]
What, are you blind?
In case you didn't notice,
the team is over here!
I-I'm sorry!
[player 3]
There goes another one!
[player 5]
What the hell are you doing?
-Go get it!
-Okay!
Come on, speed it up!
Tomoya...
They're doing this on purpose.
What's the matter?
You worn out already?
[annoyed grunt]
[panting]
Nagisa, Mei, are you all right?
Yeah.
Yeah, just need to
catch my breath.
You two take a break!
-[soccer kick]
-[pained grunt]
Oh, no!
Are you okay?
[pained moan]
-[laughing]
-[Tomoya] Those assholes...
No, it's my fault.
I-I just wasn't paying
attention, that's all.
Mei, stop... please...
I-I'm fine...
Really, it was nothing...
[soccer kick]
[captain]
Hey, wake up out there!
Got it!
[Mei]
Uh, I think that does it.
All right, good job.
Where, uh, are the
other team members?
-They went home.
-Huh?
Practice is over.
What do you expect?
Just talk to us.
We'll pass it along
to the other guys, okay?
So, what did you want?
It was my brother,
Youhei Sunohara, remember?
We wondered if he could join
the team again...
Oh yeah, sorry. Can't do it.
Huh?
We don't want a loser
like him on the team...
that's why we kicked him
off in the first place.
I know.
That guy's useless, right?
He never stops running
his mouth, either.
Needs to learn some manners.
Face it, he sucks at soccer,
sucks at school,
and fails at life.
He can be a screwup
on his own time,
but we don't need trash
like him stinking up the team.
But you said...
What's your problem?
You guys need to
wake up already.
Why don't you ask Sunohara
about this plan of yours?
-He knows what you're up to.
-Huh?
Oh yeah, he was asking one of
the freshmen kids about it.
And now what do you know he
still doesn't have the guts
to show up!
[player 1] The little punk
left you out in the cold.
He makes his sister
do all his dirty work,
then he pussies out
and runs away!
What a joke!
[player 2] He's useless.
Stop wasting your time on him.
Oh, Mei...
Oh man, you made her cry.
Enough of this crap already.
Go home!
You... you're wrong!
My brother isn't running away!
He'll come! You just wait!
I'm telling you,
he ain't coming!
He is! I know because
my brother always comes
when I'm in trouble!
Don't cry...
What, have you got
brain worms or something?
Go figure. I guess stupidity
runs in the family.
Come on!
That all you got?
If you don't scream louder,
your big brother won't be
able to hear you!
[loud crying]
Cut it out!
What's wrong with you?!
What? You gonna take
all of us on by yourself?
-Come on!
-Stop! That hurts!
Let her go!
-Tomoya, wait!
-I'm sorry, Nagisa.
I shut my mouth and I held
my temper for Mei's sake,
but I've had enough!
Youhei!
[laughing] Scream! Come on!
Don't make my little sister cry!
[gasps]
You mess with her,
then you mess with me,
you got that?!
Little shit!
[grunting]
-Youhei, no!
-Sunohara!
-[fighting sounds]
-Nagisa, take Mei and get out!
O-okay!
-No! Stop it! Youhei, no!
-Don't forget about me!
[grunts and screams]
[thundering]
[captain] You guys
are messed up in the head...
[player 2]
Let's get the hell out of here!
[Youhei]
Hey, Okazaki... Did we win?
[Tomoya] I don't know...
But I'm pretty sure
we didn't lose...
You idiot...
[Youhei] Who are you
calling an idiot?
Who the hell do you think?
You'd better
apologize to Mei.
Huh? Why?
If you had your
goddamn act together,
none of this crap would've
happened in the first place.
Man, you really are
a bad brother.
You picking a fight with me?
Yeah, I guess.
Come on, you two!
What are you doing?!
Please don't fight.
I've had enough!
You son of a bitch!
Do you have any idea
how much Mei has been suffering
because of you?!
You're the one who's supposed
to be taking care of her!
That's enough!
You're Mei's brother,
aren't you?
Why don't you think about
her feelings for once!
-But I did!
-Don't give me that!
You little sister starts
sleeping with a guy like me
and you don't do a damned
thing about it?
You weren't even worried?!
Of course I was worried!
Then why didn't you do
something about it, huh?!
If you got an excuse,
I'm dying to hear it!
I let it go it because
it was you, damn it!
[gasp]
[Youhei] And what the hell were
thinking with this soccer crap?
You butt your nose in
and then I have to bail you out!
It's over now! Just let it go!
Please stop fighting!
Why didn't you
protect Mei, huh?!
I thought you
were her boyfriend!
Shut up... you bastard!
You dumped Nagisa because you
wanted to be with Mei, right?!
Then you better get your
shit together, damn it!
[Youhei yells]
You two are friends!
Stop fighting!
Please, that's enough!
Stop hurting each other!
Nagisa? What are
you doing here?
[Youhei] Asshole!
Youhei, stop it!
That's enough, okay?
I'm sorry, Big Brother!
I didn't want this...
I just... I...
[sobbing]
Mei, I...
[Mei sobs]
I don't know, Tomoya,
maybe you should stay
home from school today.
Well, you were with me
the whole time,
don't you think you should stay
home from school, too?
I'm fine. At least
I wasn't hurt...
Huh?
[chuckling]
[laughing]
-What happened to you?
-They're all beat up!
It looks like they're
having fun to me...
[Tomoya]
I got a letter from Mei.
[Youhei] A letter? Would've been
faster if she just called you.
She really wanted to make
a big impression, I guess.
She told me to take good care
of her big brother.
Guess we made a good impression
pounding on each other,
because she said she wants to
find a best friend just like me.
Huh... it's funny, because I
guess it's true when people say
"the friends you make in school
will be your friends for life."
But since we can't act this
stupid forever...
I say we should enjoy it
while we still can.
Probably so...
Just one more semester,
then it's all over. Wow...
[Tomoya] All right,
there's the old man.
Oh man, I'm really starting
to freak out right now!
You going to give up?
I shan't,
for Sanae is my angel
and I would face the
fires of Hell for her love!
All right then,
good luck with that.
Hello, sir!
Huh? Oh, you're
that Sunohara kid, right?
What's up?
Here to buy some bread?
Sir, please allow me
to marry your sweet Sanae!
Huh?
What's wrong, honey?
You look upset.
-[snickering]
-H-honey?!
Tomoya, you mean even after
all this time,
you still haven't told Sunohara
the truth about my mom?
Your mom?! Say what?!
That's right, Akio and I
are husband and wife.
What?!
You try to make a move on my
woman, punk, you're gonna die!
[Youhei screams]
Get back here!
[Tomoya] It's funny...
I don't think I'll ever forget
the first time I met Sunohara.
Some weird guy with bleached
hair and bandages...
I couldn't help laughing
the moment I saw him.
Actually, I think that was
the first time I really laughed
since I came to that school.
He might've looked stupid,
but it was the kind of
stupid I wanted in on.
Not much of a story,
but that's how we met.
Ever since then, we've been
together all the time.
Ever since then,
we've been laughing.
We still are now.
[Youhei screams]
[Misae]
Yeah, what a coincidence!
Um, if you'd like, we could...
-Hey, who's that?
-Huh?
Looks like he's from
a different school than us.
[Misae] I'd be walking home
with Igarashi right now!
It seems that you have a bunch
of fans in my class, too.
Well, I'm glad people
still like me at least.
Though I'm not sure
what they see in a woman
who scolds people all the time.
[Tomoya] But the thing is,
in a dorm full of filthy guys,
you're like a princess...
like a diamond in
a dunghill, I guess.